libaire/doc/source/intro.rst, before:

Introduction
============


libAire is a bare C library for Arduino that abstracts the main
hardware devices. There are many known modules and libraries for
Arduino and the AVR microcontrolers. Why to design another one?
These are the most salient reasons:

1. Because many of them are written in C++ as a sequel of the
   preeminence of Arduino's IDE.

2. Because many of them offer a poor abstraction level of the
   hardware. Some of the AVR peripherals are rather complex. This is
   the case, for instance, of the analogic-digital
   converter. Designing a suitable abstraction for it is not an easy
   task and most of the existing modules simply translate the hardware
   view to software level.
    
3. Because we want a design that plays nicely with protothreads and
   thus no hidden polling should be used. Many of the known modules
   use polling when talking to peripherals.

4. Because we want to use interrupts when possible as a way to
   leverage the work that the library user should do.


 
Libaire modules structure
-------------------------

Libaire is built as a set of interelated related modules. These are the
modules and its main functionality.

adc
   Defines an abstraction of an analogic input channel.

alert
   Defines an alarm mechanism that allows to abort the system while
   giving to the technical user a primary hint on the cause of
   halt. It's a last resource emergency exception handler.

config
   Some definitions that allows to write portable code between
   some platforms.

i2c
   An abstraction of an i2c bus.

lcd
   An abstraction of an LCD.

motor
   An abstraction of a stepper motor.

pin
   An abstraction of a digital i/o pin.

queue
   A queue of bytes.

serial
   An abstraction of a serial port.

switch
   An abstraction of a switch.

ticker
   A counter that ticks at a constant frequency.

timer
   An abstraction of a timer that allows to asyncronously call a
   function in the future.

Commit message:

Removed dependency of config.h. Libaire depends only on platform.

libaire/doc/source/intro.rst, after:

************
Introduction
************


libAire is a bare C library for Arduino that abstracts the main
hardware devices. There are many known modules and libraries for
Arduino and the AVR microcontrolers. Why to design another one?
These are the most salient reasons:

1. Because many of them are written in C++ as a sequel of the
   preeminence of Arduino's IDE.

2. Because many of them offer a poor abstraction level of the
   hardware. Some of the AVR peripherals are rather complex. This is
   the case, for instance, of the analogic-digital
   converter. Designing a suitable abstraction for it is not an easy
   task and most of the existing modules simply translate the hardware
   view to software level.
    
3. Because we want a design that plays nicely with protothreads and
   thus no hidden polling should be used. Many of the known modules
   use polling when talking to peripherals.

4. Because we want to use interrupts when possible as a way to
   leverage the work that the library user should do.


 
Libaire modules structure
=========================

Libaire is built as a set of interelated related modules. These are the
modules and its main functionality.

adc
   Defines an abstraction of an analogic input channel.

alert
   Defines an alarm mechanism that allows to abort the system while
   giving to the technical user a primary hint on the cause of
   halt. It's a last resource emergency exception handler.

config
   Some definitions that allows to write portable code between
   some platforms.

i2c
   An abstraction of an i2c bus.

lcd
   An abstraction of an LCD.

motor
   An abstraction of a stepper motor.

pin
   An abstraction of a digital i/o pin.

queue
   A queue of bytes.

serial
   An abstraction of a serial port.

switch
   An abstraction of a switch.

ticker
   A counter that ticks at a constant frequency.

timer
   An abstraction of a timer that allows to asyncronously call a
   function in the future.


Microcontroller and platform
============================

Libaire depends mainly on the model of AVR microcontroler because:

* It depends on the actual microcontroler peripheral devices: A/D
  conversor, GPIO ports, timers, etc.

Libaire (almost) do not depends on the platform hosting a given
microcontroler. However, as most of users are on Arduino comunity, we
choosed to make libaire to depend on an Arduino platform. The actual
Arduino platform also determines the model of AVR microcontroler.

The default platform is Arduino ONE.
